Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Round of 16` Recap news post (#12735)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-01-31-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-16-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Round of 16 Recap"
date: 2025-01-31 12:00:00 +0000
---

> With the the tournament drawing near to its halfway point, our contestants' fighting spirits are on the rise!

Author: the

As per usual, [SurfChu85](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4469895) and [yukina meng](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9919550) have joined forces once again to recap the events in video form for those who'd prefer to watch along instead.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OsZ0Taiqbr0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Mappool recap

**[Download the pool here! (77 MB)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P272)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2358013328&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

![Round of 16 mappool table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-31-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-16-recap/mappool.jpg)

> As to be expected, the mappool had a substantial bump in difficulty, but it's probably not going to be apparent by the amazing scores the players have managed to set, as you'll soon see! Nevertheless, this is easier said than done, especially on the very first elimination round. Teams cannot afford to grow complacent, and the pools to come won't make that an easy goal to achieve.

Reviewer: idk if i would say that getting complacent is anyone's goal? maybe say that it wont be easy to become complacent with the difficulty of the pool ramping up
```suggestion
As to be expected, the mappool had a substantial bump in difficulty, but it's probably not going to be apparent by the amazing scores the players have managed to set, as you'll soon see! Nevertheless, this is easier said than done, especially on the very first elimination round. Teams cannot afford to grow complacent, and the pools to come won't make that an easy goal to achieve.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As to be expected, the mappool had a substantial bump in difficulty, but it's probably not going to be apparent by the amazing scores the players have managed to set, as you'll soon see! Nevertheless, this is easier said than done, especially on the very first elimination round. Teams cannot afford to grow complacent, because the pools to come won't become any easier.
```

Other than our world cup originals, we've got a couple stand-outs from this mappool to showcase! A pick that seemed to be very popular amongst our contestants was [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5) by [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359). While not the most picked from the pool nor the rice category, it is quite rare to see one of the hardest — if not the hardest — rice picks being one of this pool's fan favourites. This is a relentless chart aimed to test players' full suite of rice skills with its wide variety of patterns. Perhaps the best strategy was having fun all along, playing the maps players enjoyed the most!

> Our second highlight of the week was [Supa7onyz feat. 5-let - Les Cadences Magiques](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310776#mania/4943408) (HB2) by [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359). How convenient, as both of this week's spotlighted picks were made by the same mapper! Silly trivia aside, HB2 is the exact opposite of RC5. With the second lowest pick rate of the round, outside of the tiebreaker, HB2 acted as the de facto wildcard pick for the pool. This was the definition of a high-risk, high-reward pick for those who were able to use it wisely to force their opponents to play a rather tricky map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our second highlight of the week was [Supa7onyz feat. 5-let - Les Cadences Magiques](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310776#mania/4943408) (HB2) by [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359). How convenient, as both of this week's spotlighted picks were made by the same mapper! Silly trivia aside, HB2 is the exact opposite of RC5. With the second-lowest pick rate of the round, outside the tiebreaker, HB2 acted as the de facto wildcard pick for the pool. This was the definition of a high-risk, high-reward pick for those who were able to use it wisely to force their opponents to play a rather tricky map.
```

> Those who have been keeping up with the next round's pool know what's coming on the next recap! For the time being, the Round of 16 didn't quite yet have the chance to showcase a brand-new track. That's bound to change in the rounds to come, however, so stay tuned for the Quarterfinals and beyond!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those who have been keeping up with the next round's pool know what's coming in the next recap! For the time being, the Round of 16 didn't quite yet have the chance to showcase a brand-new track. That's bound to change in the rounds to come, however, so stay tuned for the Quarterfinals and beyond!
```

| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| Thailand ::{ flag=TH }:: | 0 | **5** | ::{ flag=EE }:: **Estonia** |
| Lithuania ::{ flag=LT }:: | 0 | **5** | ::{ flag=TW }:: **Taiwan** |
| Mexico ::{ flag=MX }:: | 1 | **5** | ::{ flag=MO }:: **Macau** |
| United Kingdom ::{ flag=GB }:: | 4 | **5** | ::{ flag=DK }:: **Denmark** |
| **Netherlands** ::{ flag=NL }:: | **5** | 4 | ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland |
| Peru ::{ flag=PE }:: | 3 | **5** | ::{ flag=MY }:: **Malaysia** |
| Czechia ::{ flag=CZ }:: | 1 | **5** | ::{ flag=SE }:: **Sweden** |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile |
| **Philippines** ::{ flag=PH }:: | **5** | 2 | ::{ flag=NZ }:: New Zealand |
| **Japan** ::{ flag=JP }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany |
| **Singapore** ::{ flag=SG }:: | **5** | 4 | ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=ES }:: Spain |
| **China** ::{ flag=CN }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=FR }:: France |
| **Hong Kong** ::{ flag=HK }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=RU }:: Russian Federation |
| **Indonesia** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela |
| Norway ::{ flag=NO }:: | 2 | **5** | ::{ flag=CA }:: **Canada** |

> As our teams start getting eliminated for the first time in the group stage, things have mostly remained quite chill. While there have been a fair share of interesting matches — particularly from those teams with closely matched seedings — matches continued being fairly lopsided during these early rounds.

Reviewer: our teams?
```suggestion
As the teams start getting eliminated for the first time in the group stage, things have mostly remained quite chill. While there have been a fair share of interesting matches — particularly from those teams with closely matched seedings — matches continued being fairly lopsided during these early rounds.
```

Unsurprisingly, the topmost teams have been exceeding our expectations with their breathtaking performances all throughout the pool. On that note, the top 7 seeded teams remain uncontested, making it seem like the increase in the pool's difficulty is negligible!

> But results by themselves do not tell the whole story. All of our 32 teams have given it their all this weekend. Regardless of who remains a victor, their efforts have not gone to waste in the end.

Reviewer: i can understand when you talk about your expectations but im still unsure about "our" teams
```suggestion
But results by themselves do not tell the whole story. All of the 32 teams have given it their all this weekend. Regardless of who remains a victor, their efforts have not gone to waste in the end.
```

Suffice to say, while upsets remain a rarity we still had a bunch of amazing matches to highlight. Tighten your seatbelts as we delve into this week's shenanigans!

### ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom vs. ::{ flag=DK }:: Denmark

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116941242)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2363319347)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OsZ0Taiqbr0?start=211&end=326" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> The match between the United Kingdom (#27) and Denmark (#22) was packful of surprises. Defined by its consistent backs and forths and by the fact each team seemed to be picking the best maps for their rivals. A match that was so unpredictable that we had no option but to highlight it!

Author: All words are real if we try hard enough.

> The match between the United Kingdom (#27) and Denmark (#22) was packed full of surprises. Defined by its consistent backs-and-forths and by the fact that each team seemed to be picking the best maps for their rivals, it became a match so unpredictable that we had no option but to highlight it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The match between the United Kingdom (#27) and Denmark (#22) was packed full of surprises. Defined by its consistent back-and-forths and by the fact that each team seemed to be picking the best maps for their rivals, it became a match so unpredictable that we had no option but to highlight it!
```

The first pick showed how unforgiving [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1) can be for the teams that are not well versed in its style. Inverses are notoriously difficult to execute without having a very good finger coordination skill. Unfortunately, while none of the scores were particularly impressive, the United Kingdom's quite big lead was convenient for a pick as divisive as this one.

The United Kingdom tried to take advantage of this early win by picking [Rabbit House - das Leben nach dem Tode](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310847#mania/4943570) (RC2). As alluded to before, however, this match was full of upsets. More often than not, the picks that were chosen ended up being won by the opposing team. All maps except for [katagiri - c0pyf0x](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310817#mania/4943513) (HB2) and [7_7 - Shine](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310827#mania/4943535) (RC1) were won this way, and this back and forth continued up until the United Kingdom got the match point with their 4–3 lead.

> There were a lot of close calls before we got to this point, from the measly 942-point lead in [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3) in favour of the United Kingdom, to Denmark winning [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5) on their last chance to force a tiebreaker. Thanks to ::{ flag=DK }:: [Fritte](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5001658) with their impressive 974,977 full combo, Denmark's fight for survival was given a second wind!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There were a lot of close calls before we got to this point, from the measly 942-point lead in [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3) in favour of the United Kingdom, to Denmark winning [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5) on their last chance to force a tiebreaker. Thanks to ::{ flag=DK }:: [Fritte](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5001658) and their impressive 974,977 full combo score, Denmark's fight for survival was given a second wind!
```

A round of applause for all players involved! A more ground to earth match that really shows how challenging even earlier pools can be. It is easy to assume the pool is easy by seeing how effortlessly top teams are able to perform. But sometimes, we need matches like these which show us the herculean effort required to win a tournament as competitive as this.

### ::{ flag=NL }:: Netherlands vs. ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116942048)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2363319348)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OsZ0Taiqbr0?start=326&end=436" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> If we were to ask ourselves what could've been one of the most exciting matches of the weekend, a lot of us would've most probably agreed that the Netherlands (#26) versus Finland (#22) would be a commonly agreed upon answer. Clutching from the claws of elimination in the losers bracket, both teams have it their all in an effort to stay afloat. Get ready for a match driven to victory by a team's stern determination despite all odds!

Reviewer 2: that's a long and fluffy sentence

```suggestion
We saw a strong contender for the most exciting match of the weekend in Netherlands (#26) versus Finland (#22). Clutching from the claws of elimination in the losers' bracket, both teams have given it their all in an effort to stay afloat. Get ready for a match driven to victory by a team's stern determination despite all odds!
```

Finland got the upper hand by being allowed to pick first, choosing to protect [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5) and ban [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407). Meanwhile, the Netherlands opted to protect [Kotono - friend ship (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310670#mania/4943200) and ban [Culprate - Junglist Acid (osu! Edit)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310708#mania/4943272). Right out of the gate, we can see each team's prefered skill sets from those choices alone.

> With Finland's slight rice advantage, they chose to start strong by picking [ginkiha - Fading Star (banshi Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310662#mania/4943189) (RC3). No surprises there, considering this was the most popular starting pick of the pool! As expected, Finland dominated the point with a 37,548-point lead, setting a solid start for the team. In an attempt to regain some ground, the Netherlands went for their protected pick [Kotono - friend ship (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310670#mania/4943200) (HB1). While the teams traded blows back and forth, Finland ended up taking the point thanks to ::{ flag=FI }:: [Lyuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4760676) and ::{ flag=FI }:: [Maffe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4773855)'s impressive performances. This lead to Finland securing the first break point of the match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Finland's slight rice advantage, they chose to start strong by picking [ginkiha - Fading Star (banshi Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310662#mania/4943189) (RC3). No surprises there, considering this was the most popular starting pick of the pool! As expected, Finland dominated the point with a 37,548-point lead, setting a solid start for the team. In an attempt to regain some ground, the Netherlands went for their protected pick, [Kotono - friend ship (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310670#mania/4943200) (HB1). While the teams traded blows back and forth, Finland ended up taking the point thanks to ::{ flag=FI }:: [Lyuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4760676) and ::{ flag=FI }:: [Maffe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4773855)'s impressive performances. This lead to Finland securing the first break point of the match.
```

> With Finland's slight rice advantage, they chose to start strong by choosing [ginkiha - Fading Star (banshi Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310662#mania/4943189) (RC3). No surprises there considering this was the most first picked beatmap in the pool! As it was to be expected, Finland dominated the point with a 37,548-point lead, setting a solid start for the team. In an attempt to regain some ground, the netherlands went for their protected pick [Kotono - friend ship (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310670#mania/4943200) (HB1). While the teams traded blows back and forth, Finland ended up taking the point thanks to ::{ flag=FI }:: [Lyuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4760676) and ::{ flag=FI }:: [Maffe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4773855)'s impressive performances. This lead to Finland securing the first break point of the match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Finland's slight rice advantage, they chose to start strong by picking [ginkiha - Fading Star (banshi Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310662#mania/4943189) (RC3). No surprises there, considering this was the most popular starting pick of the pool! As expected, Finland dominated the point with a 37,548-point lead, setting a solid start for the team. In an attempt to regain some ground, the Netherlands went for their protected pick [Kotono - friend ship (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310670#mania/4943200) (HB1). While the teams traded blows back and forth, Finland ended up taking the point thanks to ::{ flag=FI }:: [Lyuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4760676) and ::{ flag=FI }:: [Maffe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4773855)'s impressive performances. This lead to Finland securing the first break point of the match.
```

> This trend continued with Finland's next pick, that being [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5). And while the Netherlands was able to gain some momentum back by picking and winning [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3), the Finns did not take long to recover on their very next point and reaching their match point with a 1–4 lead over their rivals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This trend continued with Finland's next pick, that being [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5). While the Netherlands were able to gain some momentum back by picking and winning [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3), the Finns did not take long to recover on their very next point and reaching their match point with a 1–4 lead over their rivals.
```

> When everyone thought Finland would be winning the match by now, we were bestowed with one of the most surprising comebacks of the tournament to date! The Netherlands, with their backs pressed against the wall, were able to calm their nerves and rise back up from the brink of defeat. Winning pick after pick, ::{ flag=NL }:: [Freek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9630674) and ::{ flag=NL }:: [DravenXTaric](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11999500) refused to go down without a fair fight, and by winning their very last pick [katagiri - c0pyf0x](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310817#mania/4943513) (HB2), the Netherlands managed to force a 4–4 tie, sending both teams to fight for survival on this round's tiebreaker!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When everyone thought Finland would be winning the match by now, we were bestowed with one of the most surprising comebacks of the tournament to date! The Netherlands, with their backs pressed against the wall, were able to calm their nerves and rise back up from the brink of defeat. Winning pick after pick, ::{ flag=NL }:: [Freek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9630674) and ::{ flag=NL }:: [DravenXTaric](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11999500) refused to go down without a fair fight, and by winning their very last pick, [katagiri - c0pyf0x](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310817#mania/4943513) (HB2), the Netherlands managed to force a 4–4 tie, sending both teams to fight for survival on this round's tiebreaker!
```

> When everyone thought Finland would be winning the match by now, we were bestowed with one of the most surprising comebacks of the tournament to date! The Netherlands, with their backs pressed against the wall, were able to calm their nerves and rise back up from the brink of defeat. Winning pick after pick, ::{ flag=NL }:: [Freek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9630674) and ::{ flag=NL }:: [DravenXTaric](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11999500) refused to go down without a fair fight. And by winning their very last [katagiri - c0pyf0x](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310817#mania/4943513) (HB2), the Netherlands managed to force a 4–4 tie, sending both teams to fight for survival on this round's tiebreaker!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When everyone thought Finland would be winning the match by now, we were bestowed with one of the most surprising comebacks of the tournament to date! The Netherlands, with their backs pressed against the wall, were able to calm their nerves and rise back up from the brink of defeat. Winning pick after pick, ::{ flag=NL }:: [Freek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9630674) and ::{ flag=NL }:: [DravenXTaric](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11999500) refused to go down without a fair fight, and by winning their very last pick [katagiri - c0pyf0x](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310817#mania/4943513) (HB2), the Netherlands managed to force a 4–4 tie, sending both teams to fight for survival on this round's tiebreaker!
```

> The tiebreaker itself was packful of dense and difficult patterns that required players to stay at the top of their game for the map's entire 5-minute duration. And after a serious battle of attrition that left both teams exhausted, the Netherlands managed to win their final battle. Escaping from the clutches of death itself and moving into their next round in a breathtaking comeback!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tiebreaker itself was packed with dense and difficult patterns that required players to stay at the top of their game for the map's entire 5-minute duration. After a serious battle of attrition that left both teams exhausted, the Netherlands managed to win their final battle, escaping from the clutches of elimination and moving into their next round in a breathtaking comeback!
```

> Finland's performance should not be overlooked however. Even though they were eliminated, their efforts have not gone unnoticed. We wish them the best of luck next year in the hopes they can deliver matches as exciting as this one was!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finland's performance should not be overlooked, however. Even though they were eliminated, their efforts have not gone unnoticed. We wish them the best of luck next year in the hopes they can deliver matches as exciting as this one!
```

### ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru vs. ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116942102)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2363305061)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OsZ0Taiqbr0?start=436&end=551" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> A much anticipated match this was! Peru (#8) and Malaysia (#9) was the closest match of the weekend. These seed siblings were still fighting in their comfy little winners' bracket. Fighting to maintain their extra life, this was a match full of impressive scores, unfortunate events, and very close leads!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A much anticipated match this was! Peru (#8) and Malaysia (#9) was the closest match of the weekend, with the seed siblings still fighting in their comfy little winners' bracket. Fighting to maintain their extra life, this was a match full of impressive scores, unfortunate events, and very close leads!
```

> A much anticipated match this was! Peru (#8) and Malaysia (#9) was the closest match of the weekend. These seed siblings were still fighting in their comfy little winners bracket. Fighting to maintain their extra life, this was a match full of impressive scores, unfortunate events, and very close leads!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A much anticipated match this was! Peru (#8) and Malaysia (#9) was the closest match of the weekend. These seed siblings were still fighting in their comfy little winners' bracket. Fighting to maintain their extra life, this was a match full of impressive scores, unfortunate events, and very close leads!
```

> Things started out strong with Peru's first being their protect, [ginkiha - Fading Star (banshi Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310662#mania/4943189) (RC3). Both teams traded blows and combos, and despite ::{ flag=MY }:: [YeonHong187](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10236326)'s impressive 994,123–point score, Peru was able to hold on for just a tad longer with ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[HD\]Suisei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25024313)'s impressive full combo to carry their team through. And as small of a lead 2,727 points was, it was enough to get the Peruvians rolling!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Things started out strong with Peru's first pick being their protect, [ginkiha - Fading Star (banshi Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310662#mania/4943189) (RC3). Both teams traded blows and combos, and despite ::{ flag=MY }:: [YeonHong187](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10236326)'s impressive 994,123-point score, Peru was able to hold on for just a tad longer with ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[HD\]Suisei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25024313)'s impressive full combo to carry their team through. With a lead of 2,727 points, as small as it was, it was enough to get the Peruvians rolling!
```

> Malaysia opted to pick the first LN map of the match with [nekomirin - NO NIGHT MORE SOUL!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310669#mania/4943198) (LN2). It is worth highlighting Malaysia's very strong LN skills, with ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) being one of the strongest LN players in the tournament. Suffice to say, their performance alongside their teammate was enough to win the point! Props to ::{ flag=PE }:: [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) with their amazing 993,730 full combo score, even though it which wasn't able to best Malaysia's double full combo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Malaysia opted to pick the first LN map of the match with [nekomirin - NO NIGHT MORE SOUL!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310669#mania/4943198) (LN2). It is worth highlighting Malaysia's very strong LN skills, with ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) being one of the strongest LN players in the tournament. Suffice to say, their performance alongside their teammate was enough to win the point! Props to ::{ flag=PE }:: [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) with their amazing 993,730 full combo score, even though it wasn't able to best Malaysia's double full combo.
```

> Malaysia opted to pick the first LN pick of the match with [nekomirin - NO NIGHT MORE SOUL!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310669#mania/4943198) (LN2). It is worth highlighting Malaysia's very strong LN skills with ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) being one of the strongest LN players in the tournament. Suffice to say, their performance alongside their teammate was enough to win the point! Props to ::{ flag=PE }:: [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) with their amazing 993,730 full combo score, which wasn't able to best Malaysia's double full combo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Malaysia opted to pick the first LN map of the match with [nekomirin - NO NIGHT MORE SOUL!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310669#mania/4943198) (LN2). It is worth highlighting Malaysia's very strong LN skills, with ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) being one of the strongest LN players in the tournament. Suffice to say, their performance alongside their teammate was enough to win the point! Props to ::{ flag=PE }:: [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) with their amazing 993,730 full combo score, even though it which wasn't able to best Malaysia's double full combo.
```

> But Malaysia's consistency on the previous point was no fluke whatsoever. Their concentration was off the charts, racking up a mind boggling 10 full combos throughout the match, as opposed to Peru's 3. And while the team had an unfortunate incident in [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3) with one of Malaysia's players disconnecting midway through the map, they persevered through the match winning the next point in [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5) and finally getting into the match point with a 3–4 lead over their rivals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But Malaysia's consistency on the previous point was no fluke whatsoever. Their concentration was off the charts, racking up a mind-boggling 10 full combos throughout the match, as opposed to Peru's 3. Although the team had an unfortunate incident in [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3) with one of Malaysia's players disconnecting midway through the map, they persevered through the match winning the next point in [Toromaru - Curiosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310774#mania/4943406) (RC5) and finally getting into match point with a 3–4 lead over their rivals.
```

> While Peru's protect was used on their first pick, Malaysia opted to save theirs for the very end. And of course, that couldn't be any other map than [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1). Peru's scores were nothing short of impressive, but ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) earth-shattering **980,027 full combo** stands atop as the 5th best score for that map this round, granting Malaysia the win they desperatedly fought for!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Peru's protect was used on their first pick, Malaysia opted to save theirs for the very end. And of course, that couldn't be any other map than [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1). Peru's scores were nothing short of impressive, but ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) earth-shattering **980,027 full combo** stands atop as the 5th best score for that map this round, granting Malaysia the win they desperately fought for!
```

> Whilst Peru's protect was used on their first pick, Malaysia opted to save their for the very end. And of course that couldn't be any other map than [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1). While Peru's scores were nothing short of impressive, ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) earth-shattering **980,027 full combo** stands atop one of the top 5 scores for that map, granting Malaysia the win they desperatedly fought for!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Peru's protect was used on their first pick, Malaysia opted to save theirs for the very end. And of course, that couldn't be any other map than [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1). Peru's scores were nothing short of impressive, but ::{ flag=MY }:: [Neokje](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7727987) earth-shattering **980,027 full combo** stands atop as the 5th best score for that map this round, granting Malaysia the win they desperatedly fought for!
```

## Score highlights

> With a noticeable step up in difficulty in this round's mappool, players had to make an active effort to stay afloat and perform well. Considering what we saw over the weekend, it is safe to assume they went above and beyond our expectations. Here are some of the scores we'd like to put the spotlight on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a noticeable step-up in difficulty in this round's mappool, players had to make an active effort to stay afloat and perform well. Considering what we saw over the weekend, it is safe to assume they went above and beyond our expectations. Here are some of the scores we'd like to put the spotlight on:
```

- [ginkiha - Fading Star (banshi Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310662#mania/4943189) (RC3) may have been an ironic song title given that we did have *shining* stars like ::{ flag=US }:: [logann](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24675802) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [Kalkai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10790649) who both had 999,000+ runs.

> - Even though we're still in the early stages of the World Cup, ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) may have given us a candidate for "score of the tournament" with an impressive 994,000+ full combo on [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Even though we're still in the early stages of the osu!mania 7K World Cup, ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) may have given us a candidate for "score of the tournament" with an impressive 994,000+ full combo on [Phoenix Legend - She Xiang Fu Ren (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310775#mania/4943407) (LN1).
```

> - ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) had an absolute field day this Sunday thanks to their weekend-topping performances on [nekomirin - NO NIGHT MORE SOUL!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310669#mania/4943198) (LN2) 993,673, [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3) 991,310, and [Kotono - friend ship (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310670#mania/4943200) (HB1) 995,354.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) had an absolute field day this Sunday thanks to their weekend-topping performances on [nekomirin - NO NIGHT MORE SOUL!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310669#mania/4943198) (LN2) with 993,673, [A.SAKA - KAGUTSUCHI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310842#mania/4943560) (LN3) with 991,310, and [Kotono - friend ship (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310670#mania/4943200) (HB1) with 995,354.
```

- Last but not least, we'd like to give ::{ flag=PL }:: [bagjettka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18338179) a mention for their amazing performance on [Culprate - Junglist Acid (osu! Edit)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2310708#mania/4943272) (RC4), leading the pack with their 988,459 run.

## Interview

<style>
    .news-chat-quote__avatar {
        float: left;
        width: 40px;
        height: 40px;
        border-radius: 50%;
        margin-left: -50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__text-container {
        margin-left: 50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-gmt {
        color: #99EB47;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-nat {
        color: #fa3703;
    }
</style>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-31-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-16-recap/ChillierPear.png)

> In the same way we used the Qualifiers recap to give you guys some a glimpse into the inner workings of the mappooling team and the different parties involved into bringing players the best experience possible, we now want to share with you a new perspective from the management team themselves thanks to [ChillierPear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063)'s first-hand account on the team's experience throughout World Cups' evolution!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the same way we used the Qualifiers recap to give you guys some a glimpse into the inner workings of the mappooling team and the different parties involved in bringing players the best experience possible, we now want to share with you a new perspective from the management side thanks to [ChillierPear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063)'s first-hand account on the team's experience throughout the world cups' evolution!
```

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

> What are the responsibilities of the World Cup managers? How does the team keep up with these many different tasks, and what are the team's goals and expectations to follow?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What are the responsibilities of the world cup managers? How does the team keep up with these many different tasks, and what are the team's goals and expectations to follow?
```

As managers, we're responsible for every aspect of the tournament, from planning the format to ensuring each weekend of matches goes off smoothly. Beyond that, we coordinate referees, commentators, mappoolers, designers, and the production team to create the best possible experience for both players and viewers. It's a lot to juggle, but we're fortunate to have an incredibly talented and dedicated team.

Everyone has a role to play, and over the years, we've developed clear processes and workflows to keep things organized. These established methods allow us to operate efficiently while maintaining our high standards. At the end of the day, our goal is simple: to deliver the most competitive, fair, and exciting World Cup possible — every single time. Every decision we make is guided by our love for the community and our desire to make each tournament better than the last.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

> How has the team been able to keep up for as long as it has? Managing a tournament of this size must be a challenge, let alone 5-6 consecutive ones each year.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How has the team been able to keep up for as long as it has? Managing a tournament of this size must be a challenge, let alone 5–6 consecutive ones each year.
```
